Oops:-
Explain polymophism with real life applicaion of it.
Write a program for operator overloading.
What do you understand by virtual function
What is abstract class
Explain about Hierarical Inheritance.
Write one program for multiple inheritance
What is class and object
Difference between struct and class

SQL:-
What is RDBMS
What are types of languages in dbms and give examples?
Difference between tables and fields
What are constraints in SQL
What is primary key
What is join? And What are different types of joins in SQL?
What is Cross Join?
Difference between Clustured and Non-Clustured index?
What is cursor
What is alias in SQL
What is View
What is Normalization
What is Denormalization
What do you understand by BCNF?
What is difference between Truncate, delete, Drop statements?
What are aggregate and scalar function and give examples of both?
Difference between commit and checkpoint?
what is the current version of oracle database?


SDLC:-
What is the importance of SDLC?
Can you tell me all the steps involved in SDLC?
Types of SDLC?
What is SRS?
What are the testing phase in SDLC Just name them?
Which SDLC model is best and why it is?
What is Agile sdlc model?

Agile:-
What is Agile Methodology?

Javascript:-
Difference between Var and Let keyword in javascript?
Is javascript a statically typed or a dynamically typed language?
What is Higher order function in javascript?
What are some advantage of using external javascript?
Explain closures in Javascript?
What are the types of errors in javascript?
What is memorization?


HTML5:-
What are tags in html?
What are attributes in html?
Difference between id and class attribute of HTML elements?
Name some various formatting tags in HTML?
What are the different kinds of Doctypes?
Diffence between Cell padding and cell spacing
In how many ways we can specify the CSS style for the HTML element?
How to write img tag in html?


ES6:-
Can you tell some of the important features of ES6?











































